hey guys what's up its oxygen zero and
um this is my first time ever doing a
video like this now I just found this
spot yet last night on the map
resistance which for a survival mode on
resistance you can literally sit here
and this is the only spot you can take
fire from is this one guy up top there
and so it's kind of a glitch the only
time that this glitch won't water is
during chopper rounds but there's a
tunnel right over there and if you get
into the tunnel during chopper rounds or
if you have an LMG and you can take down
choppers from in here when they first
come in you're basically invulnerable
because you can pop up take some shots
and duck back down so as soon as you
start getting wounded you can duck back
down so I mean you are practically
invulnerable in here and as you can see
people start grouping up in spots so
like on higher rounds this would be
incredibly effective and it's it's not
flawless obviously I'm taking some
rounds but in the higher rounds they
actually chase you right over here and
they will actually wind up just and as
you can see those grenades are doing
nothing to me while I'm in here
at the higher rounds when they have the
assault rifles ooh that one's close they
just throw it back
I mean at the lower rounds this is
completely pointless to do it this way
because I could just I can mean I could
run a gun but on the higher altitude
that would be an amazing advantage to be
able to get covered like that that you
can't take rounds from people like
imagine taking out um like a juggernaut
round when you have you know two or
three juggernauts on you and you can't
get away from them so like let me ready
up and because I did this on a higher
round I didn't actually do it for the
whole round I just discovered it I was
looking around and that's all you have
to do you climb up here and then you
just kind of settle in with these crates
and you're basically safe and then all
you do is pop up and take your shots and
then duck back down and on one of the
later rounds when I was experimenting
with this and kind of running around
guys were literally bunching up just
outside of this kind of like they are
now even that flashbang did hardly
affect me
okay let's see how the dogs do against
this cuz I haven't I didn't actually
experiment with it against dogs I can't
imagine the dogs can get to you oh wow
that's that's even better if I could
peek out here and get some shots on
people yeah the dog is just sitting
outside there yep I have all the dogs
just sitting there and they can't do
anything so I just thought I'd show this
off show this to you guys see what you
guys thought of it see see what kind of
strategies do you guys would think of
for using this and also because I didn't
want somebody else to exploit this to
get to like a high high round and then
claim that it was completely legit I'm
not myself a glitch er I I've never
glitched like really anything
but uh we got guys so I wanted to get
that out there and show it to you if you
guys have any crazy glitches you found
thanks especially in survival mode here
cuz I've been I've been playing this
like crazy I've never really been a huge
horde mode guy but I have to say that I
really enjoy this ok guys as you can see
I'm back inside my my spot here and this
is an mp5 round so they have mp5 and
basically they can't do anything to me
and the only spot that guys could really
get to you would be up there and I
honestly don't think that on these
rounds these guys will climb up there
you see as soon as you start taking
damage you can just duck down
and then just use it to pop in and out
then just climb out in between rounds
and you can just buy em Oh out of the
weapons memory because you're like right
here you could if you had like a delta
squad you call them in while you're well
you just hide all right guys we're gonna
try and survive an entire round inside
here as you see I went in the head and
thought in case six so I just want to
see how these guys do
so yeah it's still just the one spot ooh
still basically just that one spot that
they can get you from
so you pretty much completely safe as
long as you have enough EMA to survive
the round you could pretty much just
relax I mean I didn't have armor at all
that round didn't move at all that round
so yeah so you guys yeah that's I just
wanted to share that with you and show
it to you so let me know in the comments
what you think if you guys have found
any other glitches either posted as a
video response or just uh leave a
comment let me know so I'll talk to you
guys later